Improve the ScalarDB overview page (#1642)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/overview.md

> This page describes what ScalarDB is and its primary use cases.
> 
> 
> ## What is ScalarDB?

Reviewer: Removing an extra empty line here.

```suggestion
This page describes what ScalarDB is and its primary use cases.

## What is ScalarDB?
```

For details on which databases ScalarDB supports, refer to [Supported Databases](scalardb-supported-databases.md).

## Why ScalarDB?

Several solutions, such as global transaction managers, data federation engines, and HTAP systems, have similar goals, but they are limited in the following perspectives:

- Global transaction managers (like Oracle MicroTx and Atomikos) are designed to run transactions across a limited set of heterogeneous databases (like only XA-compliant databases).
- Data federation engines (like Denodo and Starburst) are designed to run analytical queries across heterogeneous databases.
- HTAP systems (like TiDB and SingleStore) run both transactions and analytical queries only on homogeneous databases.

> In other words, they virtually unify databases in an incomplete way. For example, with data federation engines, users can run read-only analytical queries on a virtualized view across multiple databases. However, they often need to run update queries separately for each database.

Reviewer 2: I feel that "an incomplete way" is a bit offensive, given that we list several actual product names. It would be a matter of preference, but I'd recommend moderate words, like "they virtually unify databases, but with limitations".  What do you think? cc @josh-wong

Reviewer: @choplin I understand your concern. `they virtually unify databases, but with limitations` sounds a bit less aggressive, so I'd be OK with that.

> In other words, they virtually unify databases in an incomplete way. For example, with data federation engines, users can run read-only analytical queries on a virtualized view across multiple databases. However, they often need to run update queries separately for each database.
> Unlike other solutions, ScalarDB stands out by offering the ability to run both transactional and analytical queries on heterogeneous databases, which can significantly simplify database management.

Reviewer: I think having the line `Unlike other solutions ...` as its own paragraph makes it stand out a bit more. (In its current state, that line would be combined with the line above it.)

```suggestion
In other words, they virtually unify databases in an incomplete way. For example, with data federation engines, users can run read-only analytical queries on a virtualized view across multiple databases. However, they often need to run update queries separately for each database.

Unlike other solutions, ScalarDB stands out by offering the ability to run both transactional and analytical queries on heterogeneous databases, which can significantly simplify database management.
```

For details on which databases ScalarDB supports, refer to [Supported Databases](scalardb-supported-databases.md).

## Why ScalarDB?

> There are several solutions, such as global transaction managers, data federation engines, and HTAP systems, built towards similar goals, but they are limited in the following perspectives:

Author: The suggestion looks like something is missing.
```exist that are built toward``` should be ```, built toward``` or ```, which built toward``` or something?
Can you check it again?

> There are several solutions, such as global transaction managers, data federation engines, and HTAP systems, built towards similar goals, but they are limited in the following perspectives:

Reviewer: I can see how it might be awkward to read. How about one of the following instead?:

```suggestion
Several solutions, such as global transaction managers, data federation engines, and HTAP systems, are built with similar goals, but they are limited in the following perspectives:
```

```suggestion
Several solutions, such as global transaction managers, data federation engines, HTAP systems, have similar goals, but they are limited in the following perspectives:
```

> There are several solutions, such as global transaction managers, data federation engines, and HTAP systems, built towards similar goals, but they are limited in the following perspectives:

Author: @josh-wong Thanks! I applied the latter.

> - Global transaction managers (e.g., Oracle MicroTx, Atomikos) are designed to run transactions across a limited set of heterogeneous databases.

Reviewer 3: Maybe you have already considered it, but we might be able to say something about what the limited set is, e.g., only XA-compliant databases. Or we can say like, "They do not support NoSQL databases".

> - Global transaction managers (e.g., Oracle MicroTx, Atomikos) are designed to run transactions across a limited set of heterogeneous databases.

Author: ```suggestion
- Global transaction managers (e.g., Oracle MicroTx, Atomikos) are designed to run transactions across a limited set of heterogeneous databases (e.g., only XA-compliant databases).
```

Author: @jnmt 
> Maybe you have already considered it, but we might be able to say something about what the limited set is, e.g., only XA-compliant databases. Or we can say like, "They do not support NoSQL databases".

Thanks for the comment! Good point. How about this?

Reviewer 3: LGTM! Thank you!

> - Global transaction managers (e.g., Oracle MicroTx, Atomikos) are designed to run transactions across a limited set of heterogeneous databases (e.g., only XA-compliant databases).
> - Data federation engines (e.g., Denodo, Starburst) are designed to run analytical queries across heterogeneous databases.
> - HTAP systems (e.g., TiDB, SingleStore) run both transactions and analytical queries only on homogeneous databases.

Reviewer: We should avoid `e.g.,` and use `for example`, `such as`, or `like` instead. (Reference: [Microsoft Style Guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg))

```suggestion
- Global transaction managers (like Oracle MicroTx and Atomikos) are designed to run transactions across a limited set of heterogeneous databases (like only XA-compliant databases).
- Data federation engines (like Denodo and Starburst) are designed to run analytical queries across heterogeneous databases.
- HTAP systems (like TiDB and SingleStore) run both transactions and analytical queries only on homogeneous databases.
```

Author: @josh-wong Thanks! 
Do you know why we should avoid it?
It's commonly used in academic papers.

> In other words, they virtually unify databases in a half-baked way.
> For example, with data federation engines, users can run read-only analytical queries on a virtualized view across multiple databases. However, they often need to run update queries separately for each database.

Reviewer: `half-baked` is a little too casual. How about `impractical` (as shown below), `uncomprehensive`, or `narrow`?

```suggestion
In other words, they virtually unify databases in an impractical way. For example, with data federation engines, users can run read-only analytical queries on a virtualized view across multiple databases. However, they often need to run update queries separately for each database.
```

Author: @josh-wong `incomplete` sounds more appropriate to me. How does it sound to you?

Reviewer: `incomplete` works for me!

Unlike other solutions, ScalarDB stands out by offering the ability to run both transactional and analytical queries on heterogeneous databases, which can significantly simplify database management.

The following table summarizes how ScalarDB is different from the other solutions.

> |                                                              |              Transactions across heterogeneous databases              | Analytics across heterogeneous databases |
> | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: |
> | Global transaction managers (e.g., Oracle MicroTx, Atomikos) | Yes (but, existing solutions support only a limited set of databases) |                    No                    |
> |      Data federation engines (e.g., Denodo, Starburst)       |                                  No                                   |                   Yes                    |
> |            HTAP systems (e.g., TiDB, SingleStore)            |                No (support homogeneous databases only)                | No (support homogeneous databases only)  |
> |                         **ScalarDB**                         |             **Yes (ScalarDB supports various databases)**             |                 **Yes**                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                                                |              Transactions across heterogeneous databases             | Analytics across heterogeneous databases |
| :------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: |
| Global transaction managers (like Oracle MicroTx and Atomikos) | Yes (but existing solutions support only a limited set of databases) |                    No                    |
|      Data federation engines (like Denodo and Starburst)       |                                  No                                  |                   Yes                    |
|            HTAP systems (like TiDB and SingleStore)            |                No (support homogeneous databases only)               | No (support homogeneous databases only)  |
|                         **ScalarDB**                           |                 **Yes (supports various databases)**                 |                 **Yes**                  |
```

### Managing consistency between multiple database
Modern architectures, like the microservice architecture, encourage a system to separate a service and its database into smaller subsets to increase system modularity and development efficiency. However, managing diverse databases, especially of different kinds, is challenging because applications must ensure the correct states (or, in other words, consistencies) of those databases, even using transaction management patterns like Saga and TCC.

ScalarDB simplifies managing such diverse databases with a correctness guarantee (or, in other words, ACID with strict serializability), enabling you to focus on application development without worrying about guaranteeing consistency between databases.

### Reducing database migration hurdles

Applications tend to be locked into using a certain database because of the specific capabilities that the database provides. Such database lock-in discourages upgrading or changing the database because doing so often requires rewriting the application.

> ScalarDB provides a unified interface for diverse databases. Thus, once an application is written using the ScalarDB interface, it becomes portable, which helps to achieve seamless database migration without rewriting the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScalarDB provides a unified interface for diverse databases. Thus, once an application is written by using the ScalarDB interface, it becomes portable, which helps to achieve seamless database migration without rewriting the application.
```
